{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red83\green83\blue83;\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\i\fs34 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
iOS skills evaluation task 
\f1\i0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs56 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Flickr photos nearby 
\fs42 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Introduction 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f2\fs30 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We would like to evaluate your iOS programming skills, but also your ability to work independently, finding necessary resources for your work and whether you are able to deliver something usable that is created from scratch by you. The task assigned to you is intentionally broadly defined as most real\'adlife projects. You are expected to interpret the task and make assumptions on how to implement it. You should also specify all assumptions you made and deliver to us in a written form. 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs42 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The task 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f2\fs30 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You should write an iOS application that visualizes nearby flickr photos on a map view. The application should at minimum run on iPhone 4s and 5 devices with iOS 7.1. The main view of the application should consist of a map view that the user can freely zoom and pan. On the map view you should visualize flickr photos relevant to the area currently being viewed by the user. The photos should be positioned as annotations at the geographical coordinates associated with the photo and returned by flickr REST services. 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs42 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Laws of game 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Own work 
\f1\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f2\fs30 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Please deliver us your own work. We will review the delivered source code together with you and may have questions about the structure of the code and the design decisions you made during the implementation. 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Third party libraries 
\f1\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f2\fs30 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You are free to use any third party open source libraries found on github or elsewhere. Please document all third party libraries you choose to include in your project, and clearly separate your source code from them. 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs42 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Deliverables 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs30 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9679  \'a0Compilable source code of your app 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs30 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9679  \'a0A short document detailing: 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2\fs30 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9675  \'a0third party libraries used, if any 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2\fs30 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9675  \'a0assumptions you made analyzing the project requirements 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs42 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hints 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
flickr authentication 
\f1\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f2\fs30 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The task outlined in this document can be accomplished without user authentication at flickr services: only client side authentication is needed. Feel free to create your own flickr application at \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://www.flickr.com/services/apps/create/apply/ \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
and use the API key assigned to you in your app. If you have problems creating your own flickr app, let us know and we will send you an API key / secret. 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Services 
\f1\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f2\fs30 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You can find the complete documentation of flickr services on their developer website at \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://www.flickr.com/services/api/\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
. You should find the appropriate API methods that help you to implement this task. 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
User interface 
\f1\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f2\fs30 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You are expected to create only a minimalistic UI that demonstrates that your app is working and displays the minimum required information (photos on the map). Do not worry if your app is not beautiful: we have a designer group who are responsible for creating beautiful UI designs :) 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Project time frame 
\f1\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f2\fs30 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You are supposed to spend approximately 4 hours implementing this task but you are free to manage your own time. As soon as you have something working we\'92ll be happy to evaluate it so don\'92t worry if you can not complete the app. 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f2\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Good luck and most importantly, have fun! }